content/project/large-gantry-dual-arm-welding-robot/index.md, before:

---
summary: >-
  
  Funded by the *National High Technology Research and Development Program*, this project focused on developing motion and trajectory planning software for dual-arm welding robots in complex gantry environments. The goal was to accumulate  in dual-arm welding technology, specifically for large shipyards.
translationKey: project
sections:
  - block: portfolio
    content:
      title: Research Projects
      subtitle: Our Main Research Directions and Projects
      filters:
        folders:
          - project
      buttons:
        - name: All
          tag: "*"
        - name: Predictive Control
          tag: Predictive Control
        - name: Autonomous Robot
          tag: Autonomous Robot
        - name: Intelligent Transport
          tag: Intelligent Transport
    design:
      columns: "1"
      view: showcase
      flip_alt_rows: false
title: Large Gantry Dual-Arm Welding  Robot
subtitle: ""
date: 2024-12-23T11:23:00.000Z
tags:
  - robot
type: landing
image:
  filename: feature.png
  caption: dual-arm welding robot
  preview_only: false
  focal_point: Bottom
---

Commit message:

Update Project “large-gantry-dual-arm-welding-robot/index” (#18)
Automatically generated. Merged on Decap CMS.

content/project/large-gantry-dual-arm-welding-robot/index.md, after:

---
summary: >-
  
  Funded by the *National High Technology Research and Development Program*, this project focused on developing motion and trajectory planning software for dual-arm welding robots in complex gantry environments. The goal was to accumulate  in dual-arm welding technology, specifically for large shipyards.
translationKey: project
sections:
  - block: portfolio
    content:
      title: Research Projects
      subtitle: Our Main Research Directions and Projects
      filters:
        folders:
          - project
      buttons:
        - name: All
          tag: "*"
        - name: Predictive Control
          tag: Predictive Control
        - name: Autonomous Robot
          tag: Autonomous Robot
        - name: Intelligent Transport
          tag: Intelligent Transport
    design:
      columns: "1"
      view: showcase
      flip_alt_rows: false
title: Large Gantry Dual-Arm Welding  Robot
subtitle: ""
date: 2024-12-23T11:23:00.000Z
tags:
  - Robot
type: landing
image:
  filename: feature.png
  caption: dual-arm welding robot
  preview_only: false
  focal_point: Bottom
---

Funded by the *National High Technology Research and Development Program*, this project focused on developing motion and trajectory planning software for dual-arm welding robots in complex gantry environments. The goal was to accumulate  in dual-arm welding technology, specifically for large shipyards.
